Update UI images to new UI  +  Fix light/dark mode switch for images (#43)
OpenSpace/OpenSpace-Docs: using-openspace/ui-panels/record/index.md

---

> # Record Panel: Save and Playback a Session

Reviewer: No, It's still Session Recording

The resulting images may be imported into a program that can render them into a movie file.

### Options: Hide User Interface Components on Playback

> The `Hide GUI on playback` and `Hide dashboards on playback` options can be used to hide the user interface overlays while a recording is being played back. This can for example be useful when outputting the frames of a recording, to not show the user interface in the outputed frames. The overlays will be shown again once the playback is finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {menuselection}`Hide GUI on playback` and {menuselection}`Hide dashboards on playback` options can be used to hide the user interface overlays while a recording is being played back. This can, for example, be useful when outputting the frames of a recording to not show the user interface in the outputted frames. The overlays will be shown again once the playback is finished.
```

?

:::{note}

> Hiding the user interface during playback also hides the buttons for pausing or stopping the playback. If you want to abort a sessions recording, you can use the {kbd}`F1` key to bring back the user interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hiding the user interface during playback also hides the buttons for pausing or stopping the playback. If you want to abort a session recording, you can use the {kbd}`F1` key to bring back the user interface.
```
